docs: Search Metadata Batch 04 (#14596)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/index.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Service Mesh on Consul
description: >-

> Consul’s service mesh makes applications secure and observable through encrypted communication, identity-based mTLS authorization, and sidecar proxies. Learn how Consul’s service mesh works and get started on VMs or Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consul’s service mesh makes application and microservice networking secure and observable with identity-based authentication, mutual TLS (mTLS) encryption, and explicit service-to-service authorization enforced by sidecar proxies. Learn how Consul’s service mesh works and get started on VMs or Kubernetes.
```
